fix: implement connection tracking in metrics (#4672)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Fix unnecessary connection pool flushes during schema cache reloading by @mkleczek in #4645

> - Implement connection tracking in metrics by @mkleczek in #4672 

Reviewer: This changelog reads like an addition, a new feature. This is in the "fixed" section, so this should describe which bug is fixed for the user. As a user I have no idea here.

Author: > This changelog reads like an addition, a new feature. This is in the "fixed" section, so this should describe which bug is fixed for the user. As a user I have no idea here.

Updated the entry text based on reported issue title. Not the reference as I remember @steve-chavez requesting in another pull request to put PR (not issue) references in the changelog.

Not sure what the policy is.

Reviewer 2: We've been putting the issue when there is one available otherwise just the PR number.

Author: Fixed

### Fixed

- Fix unnecessary connection pool flushes during schema cache reloading by @mkleczek in #4645

> - Fix race condition in pool_available metric causes negative values during network instability by @mkleczek in #4672 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix race condition in pool_available metric cauing negative values during network instability by @mkleczek in #4622 
```

Author: Fixed

### Fixed

- Fix unnecessary connection pool flushes during schema cache reloading by @mkleczek in #4645

> - Fix race condition in pool_available metric causing negative values during network instability by @mkleczek in #4622

Reviewer 2: @mkleczek This was added in an old version `Fixed` section https://github.com/PostgREST/postgrest/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#fixed-2 😕

Author: Ehh... rebasing changelog is inherently tricky. My bad.

Raised #4942
